what do you want with me I will obey
good auntie oh okay okay I will work I'm
just a peasant I'm hungry I will work I
will try to hurry
I will this hammer is
filled with supplies Muslim instruction
has been completed path is clear they
are watch for the enemy that was a
member of the enemy glory
find me a crash site
quick do not hurt me I will obey you
what's good to me we fear nothing we are
going
we take what we need float it I think
we've spotted a trick we have found some
supplies and I think I'm well we are
past the goddess or keep your main
purses back from the hands Volta who the
enemy will know they are together what
do you want hang on
we are going
our clan is strong
we have found a refinery complex we
should send a capture team I'm ready
let's get into pipe
I'm well-prepared filled with surprises
but yes I know it's still run we got it
going
what do you want the water is pouring
we take what we need load it it's still
run load it everybody how we live in
peace okay I will get this phone what do
you want is breaking down let's get in
the fight we take what we need here they
cannot see they are
we'll take em apart
right
what's in it for me
the tunnels will protect us in the
recycling is strong
what do you want just the NSA over there
ready we take what we need yes I know
quick radio set
the enemy may be mere
our homes are in terrible our were
communities well done